# Films database service
> Week 5 of mini-project for Fundamentals of Programming class

This service allows users to query a movie database to retrieve a list of `top-rated movies` <br>
based on **specified genre, year, and the desired number of films.**

Our service receives data from a file containing movie records,<br>
**including fields for** `genre, release year, actors, rating` and more.

### Features
- filter by `genre`:  Specify a genre to **narrow down** search results to movies within a specific category. <br>
- filter by `year`:  Choose a **particular year** to find movies released that year and later.<br>
- filter by `top-rated`:  Select **the number of top-rated movies** you’d like to receive, ordered by rating in descending order.

### Comparison with AI-made code
This mini-project aims to explore **the logic behind AI** working with code.<br>
The task for week 5 is to **examine the difference** between code generated by `Chat.GPT` 
and code written by students. 

AI-written code is provided in `films_gpt.py`

### Installation
1. Clone this repository.
```
git clone https://github.com/okqsna/week5-movies.git
```
2. Ensure `Python 3.12` is installed on your machine.

### Usage
Our main file includes the `films.csv` file, an example of <br> the database used for creating this service.

To use our service, follow these steps:
1. Make sure `films.csv` and `films.py` are in the same directory
2. Run the application by typing this in your terminal:
```
python3 films.py
```
<hr>

<i>Created by Oksana Moskviak, Oleg Hutsuliak, Yurii Fito, Stanislav Konovalenko</i>
